                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


OTHER LIBRARIES LICENSE:

End-User License Agreement

PROGRAM: Tigress University of Arizona Tech Transfer File: UA14-135

IMPORTANT â€“ READ CAREFULLY: This Agreement is a legal agreement
between ("LICENSEE") (defined below in Paragraph 2) and The Arizona
Board of Regents on behalf of the University of Arizona,
("ARIZONA"). By installing, copying, downloading, accessing or
otherwise using the PROGRAM, LICENSEE agrees to be bound by the terms
of this Agreement. If LICENSEE does not agree with the terms of this
Agreement, do not install, access or use the PROGRAM.

BACKGROUND

1. The University of Arizona through its Computer Science Department
has developed a proprietary software application and related
documentation, known as Tigress, a virtualizer for the C computer
language that provides computer defenses against de-virtualization
attacks, and further defined in ARIZONA Tech Transfer Arizona file
UA14-135, (hereinafter referred to as "PROGRAM").

2. LICENSEE is either: (i) yourself if you accept the Agreement; or
(ii) the legal entity you are authorized to represent in accepting
this Agreement.  You represent you have the authority to bind LICENSEE
to this Agreement.

3. LICENSEE desires to obtain and ARIZONA, consistent with its mission
of education and research, desires to grant a license to access and
use PROGRAM subject to the terms and conditions set forth below.

The parties therefore agree as follows:

I.  LICENSE ARIZONA hereby grants to LICENSEE a non-exclusive,
   non-transferable right to access and use the PROGRAM
   internally for the sole purpose of assessing Tigress
   virtualization software and subject to the terms and
   conditions of this Agreement.

II. LIMITATION OF LICENSE AND RESTRICTIONS A. Except as expressly
permitted by this agreement, no other use of PROGRAM is permitted,
including, but not limited to: (i) use or access for the benefit of,
on behalf of, or upon the request of any other party; (ii)
reproduction, adaptations, and/or preparation of derivative works;
(iii) sale, renting or loaning access to PROGRAM, passwords, or
usernames: or (iv) the reverse engineering, decompiling,
disassembling, or attempting to otherwise access any source code for
any software program. LICENSEE covenants that the contents of PROGRAM
are for LICENSEE'S use, and may not be resold, republished, or
otherwise distributed to third parties in any form including, but not
limited to, via an internet, intranet, or extranet site.

B. LICENSEE shall not assign this Agreement, and any attempt by
LICENSEE to assign it shall be void from the beginning.  LICENSEE
agrees to secure and protect access to PROGRAM in a manner consistent
with the maintenance of ARIZONA'S rights in PROGRAM and to take
appropriate action by instruction or agreement with its and LICENSEEâ€™S
employees who are permitted access to PROGRAM in order to satisfy
LICENSEE'S obligations under this Agreement.

III. TITLE AND OWNERSHIP No ownership rights of ARIZONA in the PROGRAM
   are conferred upon LICENSEE by this Agreement.

IV. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY A. PROGRAM IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY WARRANTY
THAT THE PROGRAM DOES NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.  ARIZONA
DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE DATA AND FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN PROGRAM ARE
COMPLETE, ACCURATE OR ERROR-FREE; THAT THEY WILL MEET LICENSEE'S
REQUIREMENTS; OR THAT OPERATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.
ARIZONA shall not be liable for special, indirect, incidental, or
consequential damages with respect to any claim on account of or
arising from this Agreement or use of PROGRAM, even if ARIZONA has
been or is hereafter advised of the possibility of such damages.
Because some states do not allow certain exclusions or limitations on
implied warranties or of liability for consequential or incidental
damages, the above exclusions may not apply to LICENSEE.  In no event,
however, will ARIZONA be liable to LICENSEE, under any theory of
recovery, in an amount in excess of the license fee paid by LICENSEE
under this Agreement.

B. LICENSEE agrees that ARIZONA has no obligation to provide to
LICENSEE any maintenance, support, or update services. Should ARIZONA
provide access to and use of any revised versions of PROGRAM, LICENSEE
agrees that this Agreement shall apply to such revised versions.

C. Without limiting in anyway any of ARIZONA'S disclaimers of warranty
and limitations of liability, LICENSEE covenants that it will
carefully review any documentation or instructional material provided
by ARIZONA and acknowledges that it is aware that PROGRAM is intended
to be an educational tool.

D. For clarity, LICENSEE acknowledges THAT ARIZONA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA CONTAINED OR ENTERED IN THE PROGRAM OR ANY
DAMAGES OR COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THAT LOSS.

V. TERM AND TERMINATION A. If LICENSEE at any time fails to abide by
the terms of this Agreement, ARIZONA shall have the right to
immediately terminate the license granted herein, require the return
or destruction of all copies of the PROGRAM from LICENSEE and
certification in writing as to such return or destruction, and pursue
any other legal or equitable remedies available.

B. This Agreement is renewable upon the written agreement of both
parties, which may be accomplished by LICENSEE's renewal request to
ARIZONA.

VI.  MISCELLANEOUS A. This Agreement shall be interpreted pursuant to
the laws of the State of ARIZONA. Any arbitration or litigation
between the Parties shall be conducted in Pima County, ARIZONA, and
Company hereby submits to venue and jurisdiction in Pima County,
ARIZONA.

B. The parties agree that should a dispute arise between them
concerning this Agreement and no party seeks affirmative relief other
than money damages in the amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars (,000)
or less, exclusive of interest, costs and attorneys' fees, the parties
may be required submit the matter to arbitration pursuant to the
Revised Uniform Arbitration Act, A.R.S Â§12-3001 et seq. (the â€œActâ€),
whose rules shall govern the interpretation, enforcement, and
proceedings pursuant to this section. Except as otherwise provided in
the Act, the decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding
upon the parties.  C. The Parties agree to be bound by state and
federal laws and regulations governing equal opportunity and
non-discrimination and immigration.  D. THIS AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE
COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN ARIZONA AND
LICENSEE AND SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR AGREEMENTS, PROPOSALS,
REPRESENTATIONS AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS, VERBAL OR WRITTEN, BETWEEN
THEM WITH RESPECT TO USE OF THE PROGRAM.  THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE
MODIFIED ONLY WITH THE MUTUAL WRITTEN APPROVAL OF AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PARTIES.

E. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail
notwithstanding any different, conflicting, or additional terms or
conditions which may appear in any purchase order or other document
submitted by LICENSEE.  LICENSEE agrees that such additional or
inconsistent terms are deemed rejected by ARIZONA.

F. Unless otherwise exempt therefrom, LICENSEE agrees that it will be
responsible for any sales, use or excise taxes imposed by any
governmental unit in this transaction except income taxes.

G. LICENSEE acknowledges that the PROGRAM is of United States
origin. Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable international
and national laws that apply to the PROGRAM, including the United
States Export Administration Regulations, as well as end-user,
end-use, and destination restrictions issued by the United States.

VII. - STATE OF ARIZONA REQUIRED CLAUSES

The PARTIES will comply with their applicable state and federal
statutes and regulations governing equal employment opportunity,
nondiscrimination, and immigration.  Pursuant to the provisions of
A.R.S. Â§38-511, the Arizona Board of Regents may cancel this Agreement
by written notice if any person substantially involved in obtaining,
drafting, or procuring this Agreement for or on behalf of the Arizona
Board of Regents becomes an employee or consultant in any capacity of
UNIVERSITY.  The PARTIES recognize that performance by ARIZONA may be
dependent upon the appropriation of funds by the State Legislature of
Arizona. Should the Legislature fail to appropriate the necessary
funds, the Arizona Board of Regents may cancel its future obligations
under this Agreement without further duty or obligation. ARIZONA
agrees to notify UNIVERSITY as soon as reasonably possible after the
unavailability of such funds comes to its attention.  In the event of
a dispute hereunder that involves the sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars
(,000) or less, in money damages only, exclusive of interest, costs
and attorneys' fees, the PARTIES will submit the matter to binding
arbitration pursuant to the Arizona Arbitration Act, ARS 12-1501 et
seq. (the "Act") whose rules shall govern the interpretation,
enforcement and proceedings pursuant to this paragraph. Except as
otherwise provided in the Arizona Arbitration Act, the decision of the
arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding upon the PARTIES.